[Autogenerated] we've added a counter and a timer by injecting the meter
registry into the registration service and using it there.
Another way to add meters to the application is by using a meter binder.
Let's use a meter binder to add a gauge,
which is, as I mentioned, the third main type of meter.
Besides counters and timers,
let's add a gauge that returns the current number of tickets in the database.
We'll add another being to class.
Globomantics serves application named Ticket Count Media Binder.
This method will return the media binder interface.
Meter Binder defines a single method named Bind to That we have to implement,
just like in the previous example, with me to registry customize er,
we can, of course, implemented using a Lambda expression.
The Lambda expression gets past the meter registry
and in the body of the Lambda, we can now use it to define meters.
Let's create a gauge here.
A gauge is a very simple meter that just holds the current value.
A real world example of gauge would, for example,
be a thermo meter,
which indicates the current temperature creating a gauge is done
in the same way as creating a counter or timer.
By calling one off the gauge methods off the meter registry,
we have to pass three arguments to the gauge method
that I intend to use here first.
The name of the gauge.
Let's call it Globomantics start registration or tickets.
The next arguments are state object and the function that
calculates the current value from the state object.
The state object can be any object you like and depends on what you need
for the function that calculates the current value.
In this case, we want to count the number off tickets in the database.
So inappropriate object to use is the antennae ticket repository.
Let's inject it into the ticket count meter by the method so that we
can pass it to the gauge method as the state object.
Next is the function that calculates the current value off the gauge.
This method gets passed.
The state object we can write it as a lambda here that
takes the state object as an argument,
and it has to return a number as the current value off the gauge.
The state object is theater and ticket repository.
So to get the number of tickets in the database we can simply call the
count method on the repository Intelligence suggests that we can replace
the Lambda expression by a method references.
So let's do that.
Let's check if it works by restarting this spring Bootstrap
service again and running the low test again.
If we now look at the metrics endpoint again,
we see the Globomantics that registration or ticket symmetric,
just like a counter, has a single count measurement.
A gauge has a single value measurement with the current value of the gauge.
Let's make one final change to this example.
Stop the low generator test and let's look at the code again.
Suppose that instead of just counting the total number off tickets,
I would want to be able to see the number off tickets by ticket type.
Remember that we have premium standard and community tickets.
Let's use tax with engage so that we can select by ticket type.
Let's first take a quick peek at theater and take a trip
positively interface for this demo.
I've added three custom count methods here to count the number
of premium standard and community tickets.
We'll use these for our gauge now back to the code for defining the cage.
Besides the gauge method of the meter registry that we've used here,
there are other variants off this method that also take an interim ble off tax.
Let's change these lines of code and pass a single tech,
since we have to pass an intra.
BLE will use collections dot singleton here and then the
tact OAuth method to define attack.
This last method takes attack name and value for the name
will use type and the value p for premium.
Now, for the function that calculated the gauge value,
we want to use the Count Premium tickets method that counts just a premium
tickets instead of the count method that counts all tickets.
The last step is to define the same gauge two more times,
but each time with the different tack value and,
of course,
a different calculation function to count the number off standard
tickets and the number of community tickets.
We're done with the code for this demo.
Let's see the result one more time by restarting to spring booed
service and running the load generator test again.
If you now look at the Globomantics start registration or tickets metric,
you will see that it has attack named Type with three possible values.
B, S and C.
If you don't select on any of the tax values,
these gauge will show the total number of tickets by adding a query
parameter to select on one off the tack values, you can see the number off tickets by ticket type.